Extensions:
1.Path Autocomplete
2.VS Code icons

Featues and Advantages of Angular

MVC (Model View Controller)
Jquery: lot of code required to achieve the data binding and add events
Libraries: Jquery, React
A framework
Single frameowrk for Mobile and Web
Component based architecture
Its a complete framework for UI development

1. Binding
2. communication with other API/Service
3. Best guidelines
4. Should be able to define URLs


Only write HTML.
Has its own template Engine
Can do unit testing of code.

CLI scaffolding
1. Create a new project
	ng new ShoppingApplication

Project Structure
1. src - Lot of code goes inside this folder
2. node_mmodules - all libraries will be saved here
3. e2e - this is for end to end testing


Files: 
1. Index.html - This is master page for our application
2. Styles.css - to provide css class globally
3. polyfills.ts - gives compatibility for browser which doesnt support all ES6 features.
4. test.ts - Required for unit testing
5. main.ts - Entry point for our angular application
6. app/app.module.ts - It  is root module inside our application and our app should have atleast one module

Decorators :
1. Decorators : It adds some extra functionality to our class
2. NgModule: Used to define a Angular module
3. Component: Used to create a Component

ngModule Properties: 
1. declarations: All components/directives/pipes should be part of declarations array.
2. imports : used to register any third party module and our modules
3. providers : used to register a Service
4. bootstrap : Used to register root component for our application

Component properties:
1. selector: defining the html tag
2. templateUrl : give relative path to your html file.
3. template: alows us to write inline htmls
4. styleUrls : Css for specific copmonent

Componets:
1. to creat a componen : ng g component <component-name>
2. Register it using declarations property of our module.
3. use the component in any html as a html tag

Binding
Property Bindig:
1. we can bind data to any valid property of html tag
2. use box "[]" syntax for property binding

Event Binding
1.we can use banana "()" syntax for event Binding
2. for event remove "on" from javascript events

ngFor:
1. Use it to bind list of records
